Miss, you are married to Third Master Shen
Go first
That Third Master Shen
As for the wedding
I'm here to pass the word
You have to go back and discuss it with our master again.
Hey, let's put things outside.
I'll take my leave then.
Just put it on the table outside.
Gu Jinxi, do you have anything else to say?
Those things are all given with a down payment.
But it has nothing to do with you
What do you mean?
Did Vice President Shen not understand?
Assistant Xu didn't even look at Gu Jinxi just now
So Assistant Xu doesn't know him at all
So how is this possible?
It was given by Gu Jinxi
It really is.
It's Gu Jinxi and Third Master Shen who are already married
If he makes a down payment
Then why does the Gu family still give it to the third master and the eldest lady?
How about having an engagement dinner?
Mr. Yu, Gu Jinxi is a waste
Just a yellow-faced woman who can only do laundry and cook
Someone like that?
How do you know Assistant Xu?
What about adults of that height?
Gu Jinxi is really full of lies
The single-shift mother is pretending to be a daughter
In front of so many guests today
Fake credit
What's on your mind?
You guys are hopeless.
What kind of character is Xu Ruoli?
Even my Shen family has to respect him and respect him
You, this woman, are still trying to impersonate the eldest lady
I don't know
Unexpectedly, a dignified gold producer
Still a woman full of lies
Even I was deceived by you
Fortunately for your reminder.
Otherwise, I don't know how long I've been deceived by him
Mr. Yu
Or are you discerning?
Even if there are none of these things left
That's enough to prove that you provided these things
Not as good as one day
Gu Jingxi, even if the Shen family is protecting you now
But you dare to rob that man with the expensive surname
Do you think you can still cling to the Shen family?
Can you rest easy from now on?
I'm just waiting to see you
How did you die? Come with me
Hey, Mr. Yu sticks things, look
Are you tired? I will send you back to Shenyanzhen.